Improve documentation for Webhook deployment configuration (#1312)
devfile/devworkspace-operator: docs/additional-configuration.adoc

These configuration options exist in the **global** DWOC's `config.webhook`  field:

```YAML
apiVersion: controller.devfile.io/v1alpha1
kind: DevWorkspaceOperatorConfig
metadata:
  name: devworkspace-operator-config
  namespace: $OPERATOR_INSTALL_NAMESPACE
config:
 webhook:
   nodeSelector:  <string, string>
   tolerations: <[]tolerations>
   replicas: <int32>
```
**Note:** In order for the `devworkspace-webhook-server` configuration options to take effect:
- You must place them in the https://github.com/devfile/devworkspace-operator?tab=readme-ov-file#global-configuration-for-the-devworkspace-operator[global DWOC], which has the name `devworkspace-operator-config` and exists in the namespace where the DevWorkspaceOperator is installed. If it does not already exist on the cluster, you must create it.

> - You'll need to terminate the `devworkspace-controller-manager` pod and restart it so that the `devworkspace-webhook-server` deployment can be adjusted accordingly.

Author: Thanks so much for the review and for catching this David, I'll update the PR accordingly!

> - You'll need to terminate the `devworkspace-controller-manager` pod and restart it so that the `devworkspace-webhook-server` deployment can be adjusted accordingly.

Author: Fixed :) Should be good now :pray:

----

For documentation on Runtime Classes, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/

## Configuring the Webhook deployment
The `devworkspace-webhook-server` deployment can be configured in the global DevWorkspaceOperatorConfig (DWOC). The configuration options include: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#replicas[replicas], https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/[pod tolerations] and https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[nodeSelector]. 

These configuration options exist in the **global** DWOC's `config.webhook`  field:

> ```YAML

Author: This is using the wrong code block formatting style. It should be:
```adoc
[source,yaml]
----
(content)
----
```

Will fix this.

apiVersion: controller.devfile.io/v1alpha1
kind: DevWorkspaceOperatorConfig
metadata:
  name: devworkspace-operator-config
  namespace: $OPERATOR_INSTALL_NAMESPACE
config:
 webhook:
   nodeSelector:  <string, string>
   tolerations: <[]tolerations>
   replicas: <int32>
```
**Note:** In order for the `devworkspace-webhook-server` configuration options to take effect:

- You must place them in the https://github.com/devfile/devworkspace-operator?tab=readme-ov-file#global-configuration-for-the-devworkspace-operator[global DWOC], which has the name `devworkspace-operator-config` and exists in the namespace where the DevWorkspaceOperator is installed. If it does not already exist on the cluster, you must create it.

> - You'll need to terminate the `devworkspace-controller-manager` pod and restart it so that the `devworkspace-webhook-server` deployment can be adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: Can we update to:
```suggestion
- You'll need to terminate the `devworkspace-controller-manager` pod so that the replicaset can recreate it. The new pod will update the `devworkspace-webhook-server` deployment.
```

it's to make it clear that the user doesn't have to restart anything, all the user has to do is terminate the pod and wait until it's recreated

Author: Good call, done :)
